[Iron Man narrating] An alien named
the Beyonder took pieces of worlds,
then mashed them together
to build Battleworld.
[Captain America narrating] The people
from those places, including the Avengers,
were brought to this world.
The Beyonder calls this
his experiment.
We call it twisted
and dangerous.
With Loki on our side, we tried
to use the Asgardian Bifrost
to send everyone home.
It didn't work.
The Beyonder retaliated
by splitting Hulk in two,
then blasting them both away.
Now Loki and I
are rebuilding a new Bifrost
so we can undo Battleworld and
end the Beyonder's experiment.
We have some parts. What we
need next is Heimdall's sword,
the key to activating
the Bifrost.
So Black Panther and Falcon
are in K'un-Lun to find it.
No sign of cities or towns,
or anything at all.
Keep looking, Falcon. According to
the coordinates Iron Man gave us...
Falcon, dive! Now!
Dive? From what?
[roaring]
Never mind. I see it now.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[weapons firing]
Not gonna be able
to blast my way out of this one.
But what goes up...
must come down.
[roars] [thud]
[birds screeching]
[roaring]
Falcon? Falcon, where are you?
Hey, Black Panther, you know,
you could've just warned me that
there was a dragon ahead of us.
I did warn you. No.
You just gave me
an order to dive.
How about next time you say, "Look out,
dragon," and let me decide what to do?
[sighs]
Sometimes there is no time
for options or explanations.
There would have been no danger if you
had followed my lead and trusted me.
Do not forget, my young
friend, I am a king.
Yeah, well, you're not my king. And
I'm not so young anymore either,
so you can stop talking to me
like I'm a kid.
Hmph!
[Falcon] This must be the place.
[villagers chattering]
[laughing]
Weird. These people were taken
from Earth by the Beyonder,
but they're just carrying on
like nothing's wrong.
After Tony Stark
rebuilds the Bifrost,
we can send these
K'un-Lun villagers back home.
Once we find Heimdall's sword.
Our intel says
the sword's in that castle.
Excuse us. Hey. Hi.
We need to get
inside the castle.
[man] I... I don't believe
what I'm seeing.
Iron Fist?
Black Panther and Falcon.
It gratifies me to see
the faces of friends.
The feeling is mutual.
What happened here?
Shortly after K'un-Lun
was brought to Battleworld,
a great evil swept into our land
and threatened the innocent.
The warriors of K'un-Lun and I
fought back, but at great cost.
Now... I stand alone.
Not alone anymore. Now it's you,
me, and Panther, plus the
Avengers back at the Tower.
The other Avengers are safe too?
I had begun to lose hope. But if we stand
together, perhaps we have a chance.
We are seeking Heimdall's sword.
Can you help us?
What did you say?
We seek Heimdall's sword.
No. You are not
getting the sword.
Turn around and go back now.
What? Wait.
What's wrong?
Why can't we have the sword?
This isn't some guessing game.
The sword is going nowhere.
But this is a cause
of great importance.
We need that sword for...
I said, "Turn around
and go back now."
[yells]
[grunts]
Panther, you keep him busy here!
I'll be back with the sword!
Iron Fist! No! Stop!
This is pointless.
I merely want to talk.
[grunts] [yells, grunts]
Iron Fist, tell us why
you are doing this.
Because people will die
if you take that sword!
Iron Fist! Wait! [Grunts]
[grunting]
[grunts]
Have you lost your mind?
[grunts] [grunts]
[Iron Fist yelling]
[grunts]
Ki-yaaah! [Grunts]
All right. Now you got me mad.
[grunting]
[grunts]
If you do not wish to talk,
then you will fight.
Intel says the sword
is under the castle.
[grunts, yells]
But all the stairs only head up.
All the obvious stairs, anyway.
[yells]
[grunting]
I'm sorry, my friend,
but the stakes are too high.
[Falcon] Hmm.
[clanging]
Huh.
Cool.
Oh, no!
And there you are!
[panting]
That was easy.
Too easy.
[grunting]
Falcon, stop! Please!
[grunts]
No! You don't know
what you've done!
Then enlighten us. Why were you
trying to keep us from the sword?
[grunts]
That sword was the only thing
holding the evil inside.
Dracula? Why didn't you warn me?
I tried to warn you, but his evil curse
wouldn't allow me to say his name.
[chuckling]
That is right.
I cursed the one who imprisoned
me in this wretched place,
rendering him unable to speak
my name until I could be freed.
Awaken, my vampires,
and feast!
[hissing, growling]
[snarling]
These bad boys look angry.
[hissing, snarling]
[yells]
[rumbling]
[Iron Fist straining]
[vampires snarling]
Give me your hand! [Grunts]
[straining] I told you to stop.
Why did you not tell us
the sword was holding Dracula?
I couldn't. And besides,
there would've been no danger
if you had trusted me. [Grunts]
[vampires hissing]
[laughs]
Only one of you is responsible
for imprisoning me,
but I will treat
you mortals equally.
With destruction!
[hissing, snarling]
The vampires have cut off our exit.
We need a new way out.
But a moment.
Way out, coming up.
[hissing]
[roars]
[yells]
[growling]
[hissing]
[Falcon] We're outta here.
Yah!
The mortals think they can escape.
[hissing]
But there is no escape
from my wrath.
After them!
[hissing, snarling]
[Falcon panting]
They still behind us?
[Black Panther]
They are in front!
In a monstrous worm!
[both grunt]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[hissing]
[hissing continues] [grunts]
[shrieks]
Oh-ho, I like this thing.
I am sorry.
Curse or no curse,
I acted too rashly.
I should've found some way
to explain the danger.
You're not the only one.
Giving orders is easy.
Giving explanations
can be difficult.
Uh, yeah,
speaking of explanations...
Iron Fist, you wanna explain how you
and Dracula got to know each other?
[Iron Fist] It started after
I arrived on Battleworld,
when I found Dracula
and his vampires.
He cursed me so I
couldn't say his name.
So after I sealed them
in the dungeon,
I tried to keep
the villagers away.
To keep people from pulling the sword.
Yeah, that makes sense.
But we need this sword if we're
gonna finish the Bifrost
and set everything right again.
Hmm. Strange.
Looks like a satellite.
Could've gotten caught in the same
forces that mashed up Battleworld.
Specimen vial.
But if there was something
inside, it is gone now.
Or loose.
If we are to survive, we must stop
running and formulate a strategy.
[together] I have a plan.
Remember, I am a king.
Remember, I'm not a kid anymore.
Your recklessness is partly responsible
for our current situation.
[sighs] The two of you are
at each other's throats
more than the vampires are.
I thought
you were both Avengers.
We are, but things
are a little different now.
I'm not the wild kid
I used to be.
Ah, indeed.
Now he is merely a wild adult.
Situations change, ages change,
but heart and friendship
remain constant.
You're Avengers and teammates.
You need to act like it.
Okay, T'Challa.
What's your plan?
The vampires cannot follow
into the daylight.
So we stay alive long enough
to make it out of the castle.
My plan was the same as yours.
Now we have more to fight with.
[hissing, snarling]
[blows landing]
[grunts]
[hissing, growling]
[snarling]
Clear a path through them!
[grunting] [shrieks]
[yells] [screeching]
[grunting] [growling]
[growls]
[grunts]
[yells] [shrieks]
Aahh!
The sword is rather kingly.
I could get used to this.
Hey, I was using it first.
[vampires shrieking]
You mean back when you used it
to free Dracula?
Oh, you are not
pinning that all on me.
The blame on that one
is at least fifty-fifty.
[vampire growls]
There is nowhere left to run.
Surrender to me,
and I will destroy you quickly.
Continue to defy me, and I will
see that you suffer greatly!
Make for the daylight!
It is our best chance!
[vampires growling, hissing]
[panting]
[growling, hissing continue]
[screeching]
Ha! Dracula and his boys
can't go out into the sunlight.
We will take this sword
back to Avengers Tower,
then the Avengers will return to put a
stop to your vampires, permanently.
I think not, Avenger.
You will meet your end here...
now.
[laughing]
Dracula? Walking in sunlight?
Impossible!
Vampire-kind was once limited
to the shadows.
Sunlight can
no longer protect you.
Not since I found this.
Or, I should say,
since it found me.
Alien symbiote?
From the crashed satellite!
[Dracula] Exquisite, isn't it?
I have merged with the symbiote
known as Venom,
and it has given me
the power to day-walk.
I can sense more symbiotes.
Thousands of them
far to the east.
They have consumed entire lands
within Battleworld.
Once I have paired them
with my vampire army,
we will be invincible,
and all will be mine!
Don't just stand there! Run!
Yah!
[grunts]
Nothing can stop us now.
We shall claim the symbiotes,
rule Battleworld,
and feast on anyone in our way!
Huh?
Get inside and stay down!
[panicked murmuring]
They will be upon us
at any moment.
We can still win this,
but we have to work together.
[vampires hissing]
I've got a plan.
Stay here and hold them off.
I'll be back.
You are flying away?
I know you're gonna
say it's reckless.
And it is. But it'll work.
I'm gonna want this again later.
I'll be right back.
Falcon may be reckless,
but he is right about one thing:
We need to work together.
[growling]
Are you ready?
I defeated Dracula once.
[snarling]
With your help,
we will do it again!
Together!
[both yell] [hissing, growling]
[yelling]
[grunting]
[yells]
[hissing, growling continue]
[yells, grunts]
Keep fighting!
We must buy Falcon more time!
[sword blows landing]
[vampires shrieking]
Iron Fist.
The one who locked me up
in that castle.
I owe you
for what you did to me.
[laughing]
And I owe you
for what you did to K'un-Lun!
[growling]
Yaahh!
[snarling]
Now join your precious K'un-Lun
in oblivion!
[yells, grunts]
[vampires hissing]
[Black Panther] Dracula!
[vampires snarl]
The sword stopped you once.
No reason it cannot do so
a second time.
Aah!
[laughing]
[laughing continues]
You have no idea
what you're up against.
[growling]
Neither do you.
[both grunting]
Come on, come on...
There you are.
Hey! Remember me?
[growls]
Come and get me!
[roars]
[yelling] [vampires growling]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[clangs]
[Dracula] Mortals.
By very definition,
your lives are limited.
[grunts, yells]
And now... time's up!
Aahh! [Grunting]
[growls]
Hey, Dracula,
have you met my new friend?
[snarling]
[roaring] [vampires shriek]
No! Forget the beast!
Target the Avengers!
[dragon roars] [Dracula yells]
We are not out of this yet.
Falcon did his part.
Now we must do ours.
But what can we do? Dracula with
the symbiote is unbeatable.
The symbiote itself
may be his weakness.
Target it with your Iron Fist.
[pained growling]
I don't know if I can.
You can do this.
I will buy you the time
to focus your strength.
Do not waste it.
[growls]
You may have scattered
my vampires,
but all of this is for naught!
[grunts]
With the symbiote,
I am invincible!
Iron Fist, now!
[yells]
[screaming]
[yells] The light!
We did it, together.
We have to get back to Avengers Tower.
Will you be okay here?
I won't be here.
I must follow Dracula
and stop his evil before he reaches
the symbiotes in the east.
You have the difficult task.
You must stop the Beyonder.
Namaste, friends.
To you as well, Iron Fist.
Uh, you can give me back
the sword now.
[chuckles] But I look
so kingly with it.
Besides,
I use it better than you.
You only used it
because I gave it to you.
Yet another reckless move
on your part.
Really? Did you just steal
Heimdall's sword from me?
After all I did to get it out?
After all you did?
The blame on that one
is at least fifty-fifty.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org